BD-2546 Message Archiving page in article (#6385)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/export_braze_data/message_archiving.md

Braze downcases your push tokens before we hash them. This results in the push token `Test_Push_Token12345` being downcased to `test_push_token12345` in the S3 folder with the hash `32b802170652af2b5624b695f34de089`.
{% endalert %}

## Selecting channels

To select which message channels will save a copy of sent messages to your Amazon S3 bucket, go to **Settings** > **Message Archiving**, select your channels, then click **Save changes**.

![The Message Archiving page has three channels to select: Email, Push, and SMS.][1]

{% alert note %}

> If you don't see **Message Archiving** in **Settings**, your company hasn't purchased and turned on message archiving.

Reviewer: > If you don't see **Message Archiving** in **Settings**, your company hasn't purchased and turned on message archiving.

I don't think we've ever had notes like this before, because historically we say something like "{feature name} is available as an add-on feature. To get started with {feature name}, reach out to your Braze customer success manager."

If we do include something like this, I'd suggest reframing the sentence slightly:

```suggestion
If you don't see **Message Archiving** in **Settings**, confirm that your company has purchased and turned on message archiving.
```
